In this video I'm going to present the Blink application and how to write a ROS subscriber in Arduino.
So let's see how it works.
I'm going now to present the blink example which shows step by step on how to write a subscriber.
So in this tutorial we have presented how to create a publisher.
You can also create the subscriber inside a rosserial arduino board.
So let's open the sketch on the blink application which creates a subscriber and here in the same way we're
going to include ROS libraries you know here and the subscriber is a family and the message here is when
you subscribe to a topic that is called Tuggle.
And so whenever an empty is seen on this topic in this case the callback function message is going to
be executed.
And what it will do is really just to leave that.
OK so the lead is looking in the number 13.
I've been on the board and this operation is going actually to talk all the lead sometimes and sometimes.
So let's upload this sketch into the our universe.
Ok you should never have this kind of error.
It's better that you reset your connections.
So I'm going to close everything.
Set the connection.
I start to get the idea you know.
Not open the link of negation again.
Let me see it up close.
You have to check your number.
So no because you know what I have to be committed again.
I see.
Now it gives us the white one so I'm going to send them this one and then upload it to get uploaded.
So let's do the same steps.
Ran LASKOFF and then we will run a city in person city.
No.
So now part has changed.
Instead of just be if you like it's MDO it is now and that's that's that's the way it is.
Wow.
OK.
He's not going there because he's not interested in that but he's a subscriber on the topic so that
we can use those.
But the thing is we have talking now Toben and even so are going to use the commander to stop the part
of the boot to send the message.
This is OK.
Now when I'm with this message the reader or the lead you know me and switch on it you can see that.
Now if I were to say message again going to see no switch.
So I guess it's possible that some of those for months in order to switch off and off the net and you
can see how that is a function BP Rusticus even workstation and also the system that is running on a
platform is.
You have the subscriber you will put that when there is any message coming up in the lead which is on
and off.
So the next video I'm going to how Prospero a Them program in Reno to read the information coming from
the sensor of this information into those systems.
And the workstation.